Update tutorial pages (#2134)
wasp-lang/wasp: web/docs/tutorial/04-entities.md

Entities are one of the most important concepts in Wasp and are how you define what gets stored in the database.

Wasp uses Prisma to talk to the database, and you define entities by defining Prisma models in the `schema.prisma` file.

> Since our Todo app is all about tasks, we will add a Task model in the `schema.prisma` file:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Since our Todo app is all about tasks, we will define a Task entity by adding a Task model in the `schema.prisma` file:
```
